what's going on guys I'm super a bow and
today I'm going to be talking about
seven really anticipated and must have
games of 2015 / 2016 for both the
playstation 4 and xbox one and of course
the pc now if you guys have that one
game that you are just specifically
really really excited for and cannot
wait to get your hands in there like the
video right now and let me know which
game it is any comments section below or
if you don't really have a specific game
that you're excited for but you're more
relaxed and just when your for the game
see release and try the mouth and sore
go from there whether you like them or
whether you don't when go ahead and
dislike the video now if you guys are
subscribed to me you will know I have
two specific games I am literally just
like super freaking anticipated for I
cannot wait for them but anyway let's
just jump into the video now real quick
to throw things out there this is going
in no specific order it's all random so
don't think I'm putting them like from
one to seven ish just all random so the
first game that is definitely a
must-have of 2015 is of course just
cause free now this is gonna be released
in December first 2015 and there's not
really much to say about it like
seriously I can't really just pin down a
specific point that makes this game look
awesome because everything in this game
just looks holy shit wow I mean I'm just
gonna show you explosions here you go
someone left me out my key
alright the next game is mafia free now
unfortunately this is not going to be
released in fists yeah at the moment we
don't have a specific release day but we
do know it's gonna be releasing in 2016
this is definitely one of my personal
anticipated games off 2016 and a game
that i think is definitely going to take
that number one spot because from what
we have seen it looks absolutely
fantastic everything is flawless i love
it i'm a big fan of open world games or
i guess you could say specifically
gangster open war games if you know what
I'm trying to say so this is definitely
just automatically one of my favorites
and I really did enjoy mafia 2 as well
the next game is need for speed now this
is definitely a must-have it's gonna be
released in November / 2015 if you only
for a ps4 or Xbox one or PC and you are
a racing fan definitely i recommend you
guys pick this game up i am a supercar
fan I love these all games one of my
favorites are Forza the crew that was
one of the best games of played so far
actually and need for speed is just
looking flawless so far definitely i'm
gonna be picking up if you guys are
racing fans like said definitely it's a
must-have for this year now the next
game is tom clancy for division that
this is definitely gonna be one heck of
a game especially considering they've
delayed with so many freaking ties which
is super annoying because i'm getting
really really excited and then they go
ahead and announce this being delayed
again it really just sucks but I'm
trying to keep my hope up for this game
it looks absolutely amazing to be honest
with you guys I'm not a big fan of
shooting games like fist but this just
seems really you need to me and super
interesting and I cannot wait to get
hands-on experience and the initial
release date is actually much the 8th
2016 but I mean with the amount of the
laser have done so far who knows it
might be delayed again but hopefully we
can stick to this March the 8th release
date that a nice game is star wars
battlefront oh wow like this game holy
crap it's definitely gonna be one of my
favorites I never used to play a lot of
Star Wars games to be honest with you
guys I did play it here and there as a
kid bow in my fren
all and they guys say whenever I did
play Vsauce of games I always had a
blast and from what I've seen his star
wars battlefront it just looks crazy
awesome like it looks like a ton of fun
the graphics is well holy freaking shit
they are on point like they are proper
crispy it's so cool I cannot wait to
play this game is released in November
the 15 2015 so that's something to look
forward to now the next game I'm sort of
5050 but I'm partly excited for it and
that is full at four now if you didn't
already know this is release in November
of attempts 2015 and the main reason i
said to you guys I'm sort of 5050 with
the game in terms of being excited is
because I've never ever played a fallout
game like I've never really had the time
to sit down and go through the game
properly I've played like a tiny bit
affair and from what I remember I didn't
really like it but there's something
about full at four but saw me like
pulling me into the game I don't know
what it is and I've been watching a lot
of videos on YouTube about the game
especially for one of my good friends
Robbie from open war games he does a lot
of news on these games and I've been
watching it and it's actually got me
super interested in it and I feel it
could possibly be one of those games
that i don't like at first but end up
really loving it and getting super
addicted at a final game on my list is
mad max which is released in September
the first 2015 so that is not far away
and this is coming from Avalon studios a
great company for games and it looks
absolutely awesome I'm not really a huge
fan off like the huge open world as is a
bit empty but of course it fits in with
that story so that might I said had a
bit stupid what I said but if you know
what I mean with open world games I like
coming across random things almost every
second but this game generally looks
interested in the story it's definitely
cool my eyes definitely one hundred
percent the gameplay looks awesome as
well and it's gonna have a few features
from just cause 2 as well so that should
be very interesting I don't think I'm
gonna pick this game up straightaway
vova I'm definitely gonna watch own
reviews and
walkthroughs before I do purchase it
because with me and one of those people
that if I just see a cover of the game
it looks frickin awesome i'll go ahead
and purchase a game and of course that's
really bad because the challenge site
could be a terrible game but like I said
Mad Max is cool it's definitely got me
interested in it but I think I'm gonna
wait for the reviews and walkthroughs of
it at first like the first week or
something but it's definitely a game
that I would consider a must-have of
2015 so those were my seven really
anticipated / must have games of 2015 /
2016 if I missed out a few games that
maybe you guys are excited for let me
know any comment section below and if
you guys maybe want to go ahead and
rearrange all these seven games I
mentioned in order from one to seven and
of course one being the best and 17 V
not as great as number one fan go ahead
and do that any conversation below that
be very interesting to see I will name
all the games Emma description as well
so it does make that a bit more easier
but anyway subscribe if you haven't
already and I'll catch you guys in the
next video but till then adios amigos